I'm going to show you how simple it is
to make your own pizza at home and it
takes less time than it would to ring
out for one so I'm going to start with
some strong bread flour and I've got it
in my bowl ready to that I'm going to
add some dried yeast this is easy blend
use that you just stir into the flour
you haven't got to do anything special
to it beforehand then I'm gonna make a
little well in the middle and all that
means is to make a dip in the flour like
that we're gonna tip in some nice
lukewarm water which means that's going
to help the yeast to work more quickly
that goes in I'm gonna add a little bit
of olive oil and then I'm going to
quickly mix the whole thing together
until it forms a sort of rough dough in
the bowl so you want to move quite
quickly so you don't want to get some
very wet patches or very dry patches it
doesn't look like much at the moment
this is going to turn into a beautiful
silky bread dough right that's ready to
come out onto the surface for a bit of a
need you need to flour your surface ever
so slightly and then just bring the
dough together with your hands I tend to
use a rolling and kind of squishing
motion when I need add a bit more flour
it feels like it might stick just keep
pressing and rolling for about five
minutes until dough becomes really
lovely and smooth and I'm going to show
you what you're looking for at that
stage now so here's the dough that I
made a little bit earlier on and it was
needed for about five minutes and you
can see that's lovely and smooth I'm
just going to give it a quick need and
I'm going to shape it now beauty of
making a pizza and making your own bread
for the pizza so is it hasn't got to
rise it's really really quick so it's
ready to roll out again flour your
surface let's make some glue I'm going
to put a bit of flour on top as well to
stop my rolling pin from sticking
punch it out slightly and then start to
roll
I'm going to be quite firm with the
rolling pin as it likes to spring back
once you've reached about that size so
it's about what a nine-inch size pizza
you get this little bit thinner that's a
good size
dough is really nice and thin I'm just
going to shape the edges and he wants
you you can squish around the edge to
make a lip although it's not essential
okay that's ready to put on the baking
sheet so just pull the baking sheet in
you want to dust it a little bit of
flour before you put the dough on if
your bread it's starting to shrink back
again you can just give it a bit of a
press it's quite Hardy you can do
whatever you like to it really okay now
we're ready for topping I've got some
passata here which is Italian tomato
sauce mixed with some crushed garlic and
some basil I'm gonna spread that over
with the back of my spoon you don't need
too much you don't want to weigh the
bread down gorgeous okay
on top of that I'm going to scatter some
mozzarella I just sliced this into
fairly thin slices
okay some cherry tomatoes if you like
just the handful again you don't want to
overload your pizza otherwise it won't
cook properly and then some Parmesan
cheese it's nearly ready to go into the
oven I'm going to add one final thing
which is a drizzle of olive oil just to
help everything melt together a bit more
easily in the oven some salt and pepper
for seasoning and then that's ready to
go into the oven I've got one in the
oven already let's see how that's turned
out
great and I hope you can see in the oven
then I've got a tray up turned that
helps the heat come through the base of
the pizza that was put in earlier on so
pizza is ready pop from one final thing
I'm going to add some leaves of basil to
decorate
if you like a little more olive oil to
finish
I think that's delicious and that's how
easy it is to make your own pizza at
home